Product Discovery Drop-in 2.0 (#413)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-discovery/containers/facets.mdx

---
title: Facets container
description: Learn about the Facets container and configurations for the Product Discovery drop-in component v2.0.0.
---

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

> The `Facets` container displays a list of search filters (facets) that allow users to refine their product search results. It manages facet selections, displays selected filters with remove options, and provides advanced filtering capabilities with dynamic facet generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Facets container lists and manages search filters (facets) to refine product search results.
```

Author: > can create new facets on the fly for advanced filtering.

I don't know what this means. It's not really about creating new facets. It's about shoppers being able to manage their facets selectors. I agree, it needs a better phrasing, but not that.

<img width="440" height="257" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ff0a82e-4c42-4386-b7e7-5b3f4516f386" />

Reviewer: How about the changes above?
